README.md, before:

<h1>Adversarial-attack-paper-recommendation</h1>

​	[ catalogue ]

[TOC]

​	Adversarial attack is becoming a hot research area. However there are not easy to deep understand it. Now reading paper is the best way to understand adversarial attack. There's actually been a lot of papers on it. In this repositorie I will recommend some papers about different areas of adversarial attack. 

## Attack about object detectors

- [ ] Exploring the vulnerability of single shot module in object detectors via imperceptible background patches.

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.05966](https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.05966)

- [ ] Dpatch: An adversarial patch attack on object detectors. 

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.02299](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.02299)

  Code url: [https://github.com/veralauee/DPatch?utm_source=catalyzex.com](https://github.com/veralauee/DPatch?utm_source=catalyzex.com)

## Augmentation to make attack robust

​	Different from the digital world, the attack will be disable caused by viewing angle, brightness, rotation, and so on.So there are many aumentation to make attack robust in the real world.

- [x] Adversarial t-shirt! evading person detectors in a physical world.

  `Propose TPS transforms`

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099)

  Code url: [https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt](https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt)

## Attack In the real world

- [x] Adversarial t-shirt! evading person detectors in a physical world.

  `Propose TPS transforms；invite a T-shirt which can not be detected by object detectors`

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099)

  Code url: [https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt](https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt)

- [x] Making an Invisibility Cloak: Real World Adversarial Attacks on Object Detectors

  `propose a new loss function to produce patch;Print the patch on the cloth. People who wear this cloth can not be detected by object detectors in the real world`

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.05206](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.05206)

Commit message:

update a paper about produce adversarial patches

README.md, after:

<h1>Adversarial-attack-paper-recommendation</h1>

​	[ catalogue ]

[TOC]

​	Adversarial attack is becoming a hot research area. However there are not easy to deep understand it. Now reading paper is the best way to understand adversarial attack. There's actually been a lot of papers on it. In this repositorie I will recommend some papers about different areas of adversarial attack. 

## Attack about object detectors

- [ ] Exploring the vulnerability of single shot module in object detectors via imperceptible background patches.

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.05966](https://arxiv.org/abs/1809.05966)

- [x] Dpatch: An adversarial patch attack on object detectors. 

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.02299](https://arxiv.org/abs/1806.02299)

  Code url: [https://github.com/veralauee/DPatch?utm_source=catalyzex.com](https://github.com/veralauee/DPatch?utm_source=catalyzex.com)

## Augmentation to make attack robust

​	Different from the digital world, the attack will be disable caused by viewing angle, brightness, rotation, and so on.So there are many aumentation to make attack robust in the real world.

- [x] Adversarial t-shirt! evading person detectors in a physical world.

  `Propose TPS transforms`

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099)

  Code url: [https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt](https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt)

## Attack In the real world

- [x] Adversarial t-shirt! evading person detectors in a physical world.

  `Propose TPS transforms；invite a T-shirt which can not be detected by object detectors`

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099](https://arxiv.org/abs/1910.11099)

  Code url: [https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt](https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/jandress94/adversarial_tshirt)

- [x] Making an Invisibility Cloak: Real World Adversarial Attacks on Object Detectors

  `propose a new loss function to produce patch;Print the patch on the cloth. People who wear this cloth can not be detected by object detectors in the real world`

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.05206](https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.05206)

- [x] Fooling automated surveillance cameras: adversarial patches to attack person detection

  `If you want to research producing attack patches, you should read this paper first. This Paper is a work about produce adversarial patch. Meanwhile I think this paper's codes is the best codes in all of the adversarial papers. `

  Paper url: [https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.08653](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.08653)

  Code url: [https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/Zhang-Jack/adversarial_yolo2](https://www.catalyzex.com/redirect?url=https://github.com/Zhang-Jack/adversarial_yolo2)
